content/defense.md, before:


# Defense

These components are designed to kill players.

---

# SAM Site![](images/image92.png)

| | |  
|-|---|  
Item ID           | -1009359066
Description       | Defends against aerial threats
Recycles Into     | 25 High Quality Metal
Stack Size        | 1
Hit Points        | 1000
Where To Buy      | Outpost for 500 Scrap
Inputs/Outputs    | Power In / Has Target, Low Ammo, No Ammo, Passthrough
Active Usage      | 25
Power Consumption | 25rW
Power Output      | 1rw
Power Passthrough | Input power minus 25
Despawn Time      | 5 minutes
Decay Time        | 12 hours

Notes:

- They are used for destroying player flown aircraft, i.e. minicopter, scrap heli and hot air balloon. It doesnt matter if there is a pilot or if the pilot has TC auth. They shoot the craft, not the player, unless in Defender Mode.
- Looking at the SAM and holding Use(`E`) allows a player to enable and disable Defender Mode. In Defender Mode it will only target incoming MLRS rockets.
- To successfully defend from an MLRS attack, it is recommended placing 3 SAM Sites on the side of the base that is nearest the Abandoned Military Base and build them as high as the base is tall. 
- Has a range of 150 meters, or 1 grid square.
- It will not target anything below its own height.
- **Has Target** will pulse out 1rW if it takes damage and will release a constant 1rW if it locks a target.
- **Low Ammo** will start to output 1rW when there is 10 SAM Ammo or less. When it has no more ammo it will stop outputting power.
- **No Ammo** will output 1rW constantly when there is no more ammo.
- If 100 power is given to the SAM, 75 will come out Passthrough. 
- Must be placed on flat surfaces.
- Try to place them in a way they cannot be baited and used to destroy surrounding structures.


---

# Auto Turret![](images/image91.png)

| | |  
|-|---|  
Item ID             | -2139580305
Description         | A automated sentry turret to neutralize targets
Crafting Recipe     | 10 High Quality Metal, 1 CCTV Camera, 1 Targeting Computer
Recycles Into       | 5 High Quality Metal, 50% 1 CCTV Camera, 50% 1 Targeting Computer
Stack Size          | 1
Workbench Required  | Level 2
Research Table Cost | 500 Scrap
Hit Points          | 1000
Where To Buy        | Outpost for 400 Scrap
Where To Find       | Arctic Scientist, Cargo Ship Scientist, Elite Tier Crate, Excavator Scientist, Heavy Scientist, Locked Crate, Military Base Scientist, Military Crate, Oil Rig Scientist, Patrol Scientist, Treasure Box, Underwater Lab Elite Crate, Underwater Lab Yellow Crate
Inputs/Outputs      | Power In / Has Target, Low Ammo, No ammo
Active Usage        | 10
Power Consumption   | 10rW +1 if outputs are used
Power Output        | 1rW
Despawn Time        | 60 minutes

Notes:

- There is a limit of 12 active turrets in a 40 meter radius or 14 square foundation. The 13th turret will not turn on and will have a sparking animation on top of it.  
- A player must be authorized to open the menu by looking at it and holding Use(`E`). There are 7 options to choose from.  
    - `Open -` This opens the inventory where guns and ammo can be placed. This includes all weapons that fire Pistol Bullets, 5.56 Rifle Ammo or 12 Gauge Buckshot as well as the Nailgun and Trumpet.  
    - `Peacekeeper mode -` It will never attack an authorized player. It won't attack an unauthorized player unless they become aggressive. This mode also disables players from being able to control them from a Computer Station or the Rust+ app.  
    - `Attack All -`  Is the default mode and can only be selected if the turret was placed into Peacekeeper mode. This mode is required for remote control.
    - `Rotate -` Rotates the turret by 180 degrees.  
    - `Authorize friend -` Search or select a player to authorize them. Once authorized, the turret will never shoot them.  
    - `Clear Authorization List -` Removes all players from being authorized.
    - `Deauthorize -` Removes the player selecting it from being authorized.
    - `Set ID -` Naming the turret allows for player control. Give the turret a name, then enter that name into a Computer Station or the Rust+ app and take control. Move with the mouse and left click to shoot. Anyone can add the ID to any Computer Station and take control. Make the ID something other won’t guess and restrict access to any Computer Station with these IDs to trusted individuals only.  
- There are 3 outputs:  
    - `Has Target` will pulse out 1rW if the turret takes damage and will release a constant 1rW if it locks a target.  
    - `Low Ammo` will start to output 1rW when there is 50 ammo or less. When it has no more ammo it will stop outputting power.  
    - `No Ammo` will output 1rW constantly when there is no ammo.
- Range is 30 meters or 10 square foundations.  
- When controlled by a player from a Computer Station, the visual range is approximately 21 square foundations or 63 meters.   
- Add the ID to the `Rust+` app to control the turret from outside the game. The player must disconnect from the server before remote access is allowed.  
- The turret has a 180 degree detection arch.  
- Must be placed on flat surfaces.  
- Try to place them in a way they cannot be baited and drained.  
- They can shoot through 2 layers of Chainlink Fence.  

---

# Tesla Coil![](images/image117.png)

| | |  
|-|---|  
Item ID             | 1371909803
Description         | An electrical trap that zaps nearby players
Crafting Recipe     | 3 High Quality Metal, 1 Tech Trash
Recycles Into       | 2 High Quality Metal, 50% 1Tech Trash
Stack Size          | 3
Workbench Required  | Level 2
Research Table Cost | 20 Scrap
Hit Points          | 250
Where To Buy        | Outpost for 75 Scrap
Where To Find       | Arctic Scientist, Cargo Ship Scientist, Crate, Elite Tier Crate, Excavator Scientist, Heavy Scientist, Locked Crate, Military Base Scientist, Military Crate, Oil Rig Scientist, Patrol Scientist, Treasure Box, Underwater Lab Blue Crate, Underwater Lab Elite Crate, Underwater Lab Yellow Crate
Inputs/Outputs      | Power In
Active Usage        | 35
Power Consumption   | 1-35rW
Despawn Time        | 5 minutes

Notes:

- Tesla Coil deals damage at a rate of 1hp/second per rust watt up to a max of 35rW. This means if you give a tesla coil 5rW, it will do 5hp of damage per second. Give it 35rW and it will do 35hp of damage per second.
- Their damage is stackable. 100 Tesla Coils given 1rW will kill a person in 1 second.
- The range is just over 1 square foundation or 3.5 meters.
- Can be placed on all surfaces including the ground.
- With a building trick, a tesla coil can zap people through walls, floors and roofs.
- They damage themselves at a rate of 2hp/second. 
- They will not turn on if their health is at or below 62hp.


---

Commit message:

Added note to Tesla Coil

content/defense.md, after:


# Defense

These components are designed to kill players.

---

# SAM Site![](images/image92.png)

| | |  
|-|---|  
Item ID           | -1009359066
Description       | Defends against aerial threats
Recycles Into     | 25 High Quality Metal
Stack Size        | 1
Hit Points        | 1000
Where To Buy      | Outpost for 500 Scrap
Inputs/Outputs    | Power In / Has Target, Low Ammo, No Ammo, Passthrough
Active Usage      | 25
Power Consumption | 25rW
Power Output      | 1rw
Power Passthrough | Input power minus 25
Despawn Time      | 5 minutes
Decay Time        | 12 hours

Notes:

- They are used for destroying player flown aircraft, i.e. minicopter, scrap heli and hot air balloon. It doesnt matter if there is a pilot or if the pilot has TC auth. They shoot the craft, not the player, unless in Defender Mode.
- Looking at the SAM and holding Use(`E`) allows a player to enable and disable Defender Mode. In Defender Mode it will only target incoming MLRS rockets.
- To successfully defend from an MLRS attack, it is recommended placing 3 SAM Sites on the side of the base that is nearest the Abandoned Military Base and build them as high as the base is tall. 
- Has a range of 150 meters, or 1 grid square.
- It will not target anything below its own height.
- **Has Target** will pulse out 1rW if it takes damage and will release a constant 1rW if it locks a target.
- **Low Ammo** will start to output 1rW when there is 10 SAM Ammo or less. When it has no more ammo it will stop outputting power.
- **No Ammo** will output 1rW constantly when there is no more ammo.
- If 100 power is given to the SAM, 75 will come out Passthrough. 
- Must be placed on flat surfaces.
- Try to place them in a way they cannot be baited and used to destroy surrounding structures.


---

# Auto Turret![](images/image91.png)

| | |  
|-|---|  
Item ID             | -2139580305
Description         | A automated sentry turret to neutralize targets
Crafting Recipe     | 10 High Quality Metal, 1 CCTV Camera, 1 Targeting Computer
Recycles Into       | 5 High Quality Metal, 50% 1 CCTV Camera, 50% 1 Targeting Computer
Stack Size          | 1
Workbench Required  | Level 2
Research Table Cost | 500 Scrap
Hit Points          | 1000
Where To Buy        | Outpost for 400 Scrap
Where To Find       | Arctic Scientist, Cargo Ship Scientist, Elite Tier Crate, Excavator Scientist, Heavy Scientist, Locked Crate, Military Base Scientist, Military Crate, Oil Rig Scientist, Patrol Scientist, Treasure Box, Underwater Lab Elite Crate, Underwater Lab Yellow Crate
Inputs/Outputs      | Power In / Has Target, Low Ammo, No ammo
Active Usage        | 10
Power Consumption   | 10rW +1 if outputs are used
Power Output        | 1rW
Despawn Time        | 60 minutes

Notes:

- There is a limit of 12 active turrets in a 40 meter radius or 14 square foundation. The 13th turret will not turn on and will have a sparking animation on top of it.  
- A player must be authorized to open the menu by looking at it and holding Use(`E`). There are 7 options to choose from.  
    - `Open -` This opens the inventory where guns and ammo can be placed. This includes all weapons that fire Pistol Bullets, 5.56 Rifle Ammo or 12 Gauge Buckshot as well as the Nailgun and Trumpet.  
    - `Peacekeeper mode -` It will never attack an authorized player. It won't attack an unauthorized player unless they become aggressive. This mode also disables players from being able to control them from a Computer Station or the Rust+ app.  
    - `Attack All -`  Is the default mode and can only be selected if the turret was placed into Peacekeeper mode. This mode is required for remote control.
    - `Rotate -` Rotates the turret by 180 degrees.  
    - `Authorize friend -` Search or select a player to authorize them. Once authorized, the turret will never shoot them.  
    - `Clear Authorization List -` Removes all players from being authorized.
    - `Deauthorize -` Removes the player selecting it from being authorized.
    - `Set ID -` Naming the turret allows for player control. Give the turret a name, then enter that name into a Computer Station or the Rust+ app and take control. Move with the mouse and left click to shoot. Anyone can add the ID to any Computer Station and take control. Make the ID something other won’t guess and restrict access to any Computer Station with these IDs to trusted individuals only.  
- There are 3 outputs:  
    - `Has Target` will pulse out 1rW if the turret takes damage and will release a constant 1rW if it locks a target.  
    - `Low Ammo` will start to output 1rW when there is 50 ammo or less. When it has no more ammo it will stop outputting power.  
    - `No Ammo` will output 1rW constantly when there is no ammo.
- Range is 30 meters or 10 square foundations.  
- When controlled by a player from a Computer Station, the visual range is approximately 21 square foundations or 63 meters.   
- Add the ID to the `Rust+` app to control the turret from outside the game. The player must disconnect from the server before remote access is allowed.  
- The turret has a 180 degree detection arch.  
- Must be placed on flat surfaces.  
- Try to place them in a way they cannot be baited and drained.  
- They can shoot through 2 layers of Chainlink Fence.  

---

# Tesla Coil![](images/image117.png)

| | |  
|-|---|  
Item ID             | 1371909803
Description         | An electrical trap that zaps nearby players
Crafting Recipe     | 3 High Quality Metal, 1 Tech Trash
Recycles Into       | 2 High Quality Metal, 50% 1Tech Trash
Stack Size          | 3
Workbench Required  | Level 2
Research Table Cost | 20 Scrap
Hit Points          | 250
Where To Buy        | Outpost for 75 Scrap
Where To Find       | Arctic Scientist, Cargo Ship Scientist, Crate, Elite Tier Crate, Excavator Scientist, Heavy Scientist, Locked Crate, Military Base Scientist, Military Crate, Oil Rig Scientist, Patrol Scientist, Treasure Box, Underwater Lab Blue Crate, Underwater Lab Elite Crate, Underwater Lab Yellow Crate
Inputs/Outputs      | Power In
Active Usage        | 35
Power Consumption   | 1-35rW
Despawn Time        | 5 minutes

Notes:

- Tesla Coil deals damage at a rate of 1hp/second per rust watt up to a max of 35rW. This means if you give a tesla coil 5rW, it will do 5hp of damage per second. Give it 35rW and it will do 35hp of damage per second.
- Tesla Coils deal damage on a 1 second cycle. During the cycle it emits 1 ⁄ 4 of the input power over 4, 250 ms intervals upon receiving power; 0, 250, 500, 750, ±15 ms. They then enter a rest period of 250 ms before restarting the cycle totaling 1000 msec ie. 1 second. For example, 20rW in will deal 5 damage every 0.25 seconds. Therefore 20 damage over 1 second.  
- Their damage is stackable. 100 Tesla Coils given 1rW will kill a person in 1 second.
- The range is just over 1 square foundation or 3.5 meters.
- Can be placed on all surfaces including the ground.
- With a building trick, a tesla coil can zap people through walls, floors and roofs.
- They damage themselves at a rate of 2hp/second. 
- They will not turn on if their health is at or below 62hp.


---
