content/index.md, before:

# The RUST Electrical Handbook

---

This is a work in progress, everything is subject to change,
be reorganised or moved to some other sub pages,
but any info still valid in game wont be removed.

All of the information you find here is comming from a [Google Doc file by
@SwiftCoyote#2007](https://docs.google.com/documentd19hr2dKtooN_YDF7TUsTdpLGadEEy9iyEFp12wbPnIas/edit?usp=sharing),
so thanks to him and all the people in the Rustricity Workshop
community that contribute to it!  

A massive Thank You to @3YE#6593 on Discord for creating the website and
teaching me (SwiftCoyote) how to update and maintain it. 

---

If you want to contribute to this project, there is multiple way you can do
it by:  

-  Finding a bug, spelling or grammaitical error, or making a suggestion,
please make them on the Google Document - [Google Document](https://docs.google.com/documentd19hr2dKtooN_YDF7TUsTdpLGadEEy9iyEFp12wbPnIas/edit?usp=sharing)  
- You could contribute code that fix or add to the website,
- But the principal thing is the accuracy of the information.  

Its made in a way so someone could edit the website content without needing
to know html/css/javascript. All the content is writen in markdown format
(similar to discord messages: \**italic*\*, \*\***bold**\*\*, etc...)
For now, I havent written something that explains how to do it but you can
ask @3YE#6593 on Discord for more information.

---

Commit message:

Large update to make the websites table of content match the google docs. A lot of proof reading was done, spelling, grammar and punctuation. Completed and updated a few concepts including wind and solar power. Added items like drones and cable tunnel.

content/index.md, after:

# The RUST Electrical Handbook

---

This is a work in progress, everything is subject to change,
be reorganised or moved to some other sub pages,
but any info still valid in game wont be removed.

All of the information you find here is comming from a [Google Doc file by
@SwiftCoyote](https://docs.google.com/documentd19hr2dKtooN_YDF7TUsTdpLGadEEy9iyEFp12wbPnIas/edit?usp=sharing),
so thanks to him and all the people in the Rustricity Workshop
community that contribute to it! The Google Doc will always be a little more update then this website as the website needs to be rebuilt after each change.   

A massive Thank You to @3YE#6593 on Discord for creating the website and
teaching me (SwiftCoyote) how to update and maintain it. 

---

If you want to contribute to this project, there is multiple way you can do
it by:  

-  Finding a bug, spelling or grammaitical error, or making a suggestion,
please make them on the Google Document - [Google Document](https://docs.google.com/documentd19hr2dKtooN_YDF7TUsTdpLGadEEy9iyEFp12wbPnIas/edit?usp=sharing)  
- You could contribute code that fix or add to the website,
- But the principal thing is the accuracy of the information.  

Its made in a way so someone could edit the website content without needing
to know html/css/javascript. All the content is writen in markdown format
(similar to discord messages: \**italic*\*, \*\***bold**\*\*, etc...)
For now, I havent written something that explains how to do it but you can
ask @3YE#6593 on Discord for more information.

---
